README.md, before:

# js-snack-es6

Today’s exercise: JS Snacks :Chocolate bar:
repo name: js-snack-es6

# Description:

Complete the snacks below by placing each snack in its folder inside the repo.
Open file: js-snack-es6
:poster
:billboard
:billboard
:billboard
In each snack folder you will put the necessary html/js files.
Chocolate bar:

# SNACK 3

1. Create an array of objects representing animals.

- Each animal has a name, a family and a class.
  Es:
  [
  { name: 'lion', family: 'felidi', class: 'mammals'},
  { name: 'dog', family: 'canids', class: 'mammals'},
  { name: 'hen', family: 'phasianids', class: 'birds'},
  ]

2. Create a new array with the list of mammals.

# SNACK 4

1. Create an array of objects that represent people.

- Each person has a name, a surname and an age.

2. Then create a new array by entering, for each person, a sentence with the first and last name and the indication if he can drive, based on the age.

# tools snack 3

- Array of objects representing animals
- New array with mammals
- Creating a new list item
- Setting the content of the list item (name,class,family)
- Displaying the list of animals an then the mammals

# tools snack 4

- Create an array of objects representing people
- Create a new array with sentences about each person's ability to drive(people.map)
- Function to check if a person can drive
- Displaying the list of people and then the driving list

Commit message:

create an array of 10 cars with info,divide car in 3 array and the n prin in console

README.md, after:

# js-snack-es6

Today’s exercise: JS Snacks :Chocolate bar:
repo name: js-snack-es6

# Description:

Complete the snacks below by placing each snack in its folder inside the repo.
In each snack folder you will put the necessary html/js files.
Chocolate bar:

# snack 1

1. Create an array of 10 cars.
   (Each car object will have the following properties: make, model and power supply (gasoline, diesel, LPG, electric, methane).)
2. Divide cars into 3 separate arrays: in the first array only petrol cars, in the second only diesel cars, in the third the rest of cars.
3. Finally print the 3 arrays separately.

# snack 2

A partire da un array di stringhe, crea un secondo array formattando le stringhe del primo array in minuscolo e con l’iniziale maiuscola.
Es: [‘pippo’, ‘PLUTO’, ‘Paperino’] => [‘Pippo’, ‘Pluto’, ‘Paperino’]

# SNACK 3

1. Create an array of objects representing animals.

- Each animal has a name, a family and a class.
  Es:
  [
  { name: 'lion', family: 'felidi', class: 'mammals'},
  { name: 'dog', family: 'canids', class: 'mammals'},
  { name: 'hen', family: 'phasianids', class: 'birds'},
  ]

2. Create a new array with the list of mammals.

# SNACK 4

1. Create an array of objects that represent people.

- Each person has a name, a surname and an age.

2. Then create a new array by entering, for each person, a sentence with the first and last name and the indication if he can drive, based on the age.

# tools snack 3

- Array of objects representing animals
- New array with mammals
- Creating a new list item
- Setting the content of the list item (name,class,family)
- Displaying the list of animals an then the mammals

# tools snack 4

- Create an array of objects representing people
- Create a new array with sentences about each person's ability to drive(people.map)
- Function to check if a person can drive
- Displaying the list of people and then the driving list

# tools snack 1

- Create an array of 10 cars
  (Each car object will have the following properties: make, model, and power supply)
- Divide cars into 3 separate arrays: in the firs:
- array only petrol cars
- in the second only diesel cars
- in the third the rest of cars.
- Separate cars based on fuel type =iteration between diff type of car.filter
- Print the three arrays separately
